docs: Move general info about next.config.* to its index page (#53542)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/05-next-config-js/index.mdx

{/* The content of this doc is shared between the app and pages router. You can use the `<PagesOnly>Content</PagesOnly>` component to add content that is specific to the Pages Router. Any shared content should not be wrapped in a component. */}

> Next.js can be configured through a `next.config.js` file in the root of your project directory (next to `package.json`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js can be configured through a `next.config.js` file in the root of your project directory (i.e. by `package.json`).
```
